+++
title = "Proposed Parking Benefit Reduction"
date = 2025-04-16

[taxonomies]
categories = ["News"]
tags = ["Status Updates"]

[extra]
author = "Erik Rose"
+++

|          | Memorandum                               |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| To:      | Mandy Hayes, Director of Human Resources |
| From:    | Erik Rose, GPEA President                |
| Date:    | 4/16/2025                                |
| Subject: | Proposed Parking Benefit Reduction       |

This issue is regarding the upcoming vote of the City Council on the proposal to use the City Hall employee parking lot as a resting area. As a majority of GPEA members park in this lot, we feel the proposal constitutes a material change in employee compensation for our unit, and we would expect to meet and confer on this change, preferably as part of the normal bargaining process.

Loss in quality-of-life and convenience, above and beyond monetary cost, presents a significant burden relative to our current benefit. We are particularly concerned about impacts on the minority of our members experiencing mobility issues. With local crime rates spiking adjacent to the resting areas, it is difficult for us to tell our members that they will be equally as safe under the proposed change.

The parking benefit also has a market value. The City currently charges $240 for a yearly pass to park in the Redwood, Duck or Brown Bear lots, which is a reasonable proxy for the value of a parking spot. We view the loss of parking as equivalent to a $240 reduction in salary for affected employees.

Parking is such a common benefit in the public sector that we have previously seen no need to raise this issue in negotiation. There is no specific language in the CBA detailing the parking benefit. However, this benefit remains a basic element of employee compensation. Long-standing members cannot remember a time _before_ having this benefit, and incoming employees expect it as a part of their overall package.

We would like to invite management to engage with GPEA on the subject of the parking benefit, so that we can resolve this issue together, rather than taking unilateral action outside of the bargaining process.

Sincerely,\
Erik Rose\
GPEA President
