+++
title = "Parking Change Grace Period Request"
date = 2025-04-18

[taxonomies]
categories = ["News"]
tags = ["Status Updates"]

[extra]
author = "Erik Rose"
+++

|          | Memorandum                               |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| To:      | Mandy Hayes, Director of Human Resources |
| From:    | Erik Rose, GPEA President                |
| Date:    | 4/18/2025                                |
| Subject: | Parking Change Grace Period Request      |

On April 17th, GPEA received notice from management of a change in parking accommodations, to occur on Wednesday, April 23rd, five business days after notice. This letter is a request to provide a notice period of seven business days, consistent with our agreement for members receiving notice of a change in workplace rules \[19.2\].

Our organization appreciates that management has provided an alternative parking option, in recognition that parking benefits are a significant element in the total compensation package of an employee, and a long-standing benefit within our workplace.

Keep in mind that many of our members feel obligated to park in the designated municipal lot, so that they do not impede residents trying to visit City Hall, or one of the many small businesses clustered along the nearby streets. Even when we are off-shift and walking to our cars, residents perceive us as representatives of the City government, and may resent us parking on the street when they cannot park in the municipal lot. Generally speaking, our members will park where told, which is why this is a change in workplace rules.

If the alternative parking were more convenient, haste would be one thing, but the new location is farther away. This is an unpleasant adjustment for our career-oriented members, who fear that “temporary” parking could mean years. Given how long the current parking rules have been in place, we feel it is reasonable to request the full seven days notice, moving the transition date to no earlier than April 28th.

Thank you for your careful consideration.

Erik Rose\
GPEA President
